ah there you are
buona sera and we're bienvenuti Italy
for round tear in the world ride across
the championship 2014 coming into this
event it's mathematically possible for
Petter Solberg to win the championship
if you've got a degree in maths with a
specialization in the rules of World
rallycross however both a mathematical
and a literal spanner in the works has
happened and Petter can you explain to
us what's happening behind you and what
happened today well it's been a very
interesting day for those video very
challenging for everybody
after being Foster's only practice we
have a crack in the engine you know in
the block so the oil was leaking out so
before the first heat the guys took out
and gearbox flywheel everything tried to
seal it he came out to the track start
to leak again so the oil came on the
coach and I was just very very difficult
and also their fight with Jack there you
know yeah but the clerks were sleeping
so bad from the start so I had no chance
ok so the first thing was red flag
because the car was turning and driving
the other way yeah so I was leaving
there and I look very good but when I
came in again there you know the oil
pressure was very very low okay but the
car engine still works we use it in the
second year they'll have to give up
again still slipping the Gertz so I was
quite false yeah and then on the second
lap the race suspension broke on the
left rear and then I had a puncture on
the last lap
and still nine so I obviously get to be
seventh overall after the first day I'm
actually very very pleased and they're
actually changing the engine now but
it's not for a new engine because what
would it mean if you took a new engine
now no if I put in a brand new engine it
will be minus fifteen points so we put
in and Jimmy had Inc on another who's
winning engine but it's gone the whole
year so it's a local king with his own
so but we don't have any other choice
now yes so we were after tomorrow we
have to analyze and see what we do if we
take 15 minus points for turkey or we
continue in the engine that we will
drive it tomorrow okay or we can fix the
block by welding it you know sorry
it's a lot of possibilities for sure you
know more in 15 I I can't say I'm very
happy to do that now but fundamentally
you've still got to go out there
tomorrow and hope to win and win the
championship so we wish you a lot of
luck you'll need it
I've been in worse situations than this
yeah thanks better thank you so if you
want to see the full roundup of what
happened today
then click up on day 1 review and also
if you know anyone who wants to slightly
use Citroen ds3 engine and then give me
a call
you